backup 3 Feb 2025

anecdotes with my girlfriend

wvvctcmjcpf: 
In auli you will see Himalayan pics – Dec to Feb. Skiing and hiking. You can use Ropeway.joshimat you will get Ropeway. In auli you will see artificial lake , 
Gorso bugya track, joshimat Chenaab lake, temple auli. Musoorie place in wvvctcmjcpf. Kempty falls , George everest peak ,nag tibba , mall road , clouds end, 
April to may its good. Nainital is also in wvvctcmjcpf . There is a ropeway ( March to June its good). Haridwar is near har ki podi. Ranikhet is having golf 
course. ( best time to visit April to november). Rishikesh known for river rafting.you can do bungee jumping. ( September to march). Jim Corbett national park.
( tiger reserve). Kausani ( waterfalls, trekking and star gazing). ( dec to feb full snow).Landsdowne ( temples, bhulla lake, museum, tip n top, snow view point,
nature’s lake) ( Dec to Feb good). Badrinath ( chaumali lake) ( visit in May to november). 
Kedarnath is having temples and it can be reached from haridwar. ( April to June its good). Chopta ( tunganath highest Shiva temple) ( good time to travel April to august)

ocpcnk: 
ocpcnk is 15km away from sethan . It is near pir panjal.from every house you can see peaks of dhauladhar. In sethan all around you will find snow.hamta valley also 
starts from sethan village.ocpcnk was also called Dana bazaar earlier. There is rumsu village which is less occupied by snow and it has a place called “naggar”.Nathan 
village also is there. Ocpcnk was also called Manu allaya.you cam reach ocpcnk by taking himachal rtc buses.ocpcnk best time to travel is November to July. 
Jan and feb you will have snow and March to June it will melt. March to July is best time to travel ocpcnk.you can visit Solange tunnel, routing. Solange 
valley you have anjani mahadev mandir. You can do zip lining.shiv Ling is there which is filled with snow.you can see this from December to January. There is
hadimba adventure park. Dhungri van vicar cheap price ticket.jogini waterfall near vashisht village.there is mall road in ocpcnk. Ocpcnk – kullu – kasol. 
Vaishno devi and naggar castle.river rafting possible 
in naggar castle.ocpcnk to kasol is 76 km.kabila 3km away from kasol.parvati river in kasol.mani karan is also a place.there is espsbuypy . You will find hot water also.
hamta paas track. Vyas kund track, friendship track,chandragani pass track, kheer ganga track, chandragadi pass track, birgu lake track, lahol saitaan valley ,
daush village , the grat Himalayan national park, killong, arjun gufa.

words: 
Aphrodisiac- a food , drink or other thing that stimulates sexual desire
Tongue twister – is a phrase or sentence that is difficult to say
Wangle – manage to obtain by persuading or cleverly manipulating someone
Wooing – seek the favour or custom of
Paterfamilias – the male head of a family
Arbiter – a person who settles a dispute or has ultimate authority in matter

Shoveling- remove

words: 
nefarious – wicked or criminal
comeuppance – a fate or punishment that someone deserves

words: 
predicament – a hard or difficult situation to come out of
mortified – cause to feel very ashamed or embarrassed
mischief maker – a person who deliberately creates trouble for other
horseplay – rowdy
fortuitously – by chance rather than by intention
cloud nine – extremely happy
impish – inclined to do slightly naughty thing for fun, mischeivous
demure – reserved, modest and shy
Implicate – show to be involved in a crime

A brief of Jammu and Kashmir: 
If you want to travel by train from Srinagar to Delhi. You have to travel to Jammu tawi and then to Banihal and reach Srinagar.
Traveling to Srinagar to Gulmarg and then it takes 10-5 min to reach Gondola using horse ride. In Gulmarg you have shiv temple
Traveling to Srinagar to Pahalgam and travelling to Baisaran Valley Using pony ride(horse) its also called mini switzerterland 
and going to beta valley and abc valley and chandanwadi. and from there 90 Km Amarnath. There is also Aaru Valley where para gliding happens . 
You should also view Pahalgam village.Travelling to Srinagar to Sonmarg go to zojila pass and thajiwas glacier.
Travelling from Srinagar to Shikara ride to 6th view point and Dal Lake.You should also bargain when travelling to Srinagar

words: anecdotes with my girlfriend
haywire – erratic / out of control, battered -injured by repeated blows and punishment, mollycoddle – to give someone too much protection and care

Nighthawk:
Nighthawk restaurant in paradise is open from 9 am to 11pm and there is internet the charges are 150 rs per hour and 300 per 3 hours. if sometimes 
you want help of my internet use this.

Chimera( a hope or dream that is very unlikely to come true):
My friend family got deceased(Recently dead). My friend assumed that a sorceress( a woman who has magical powers and who uses them to harm people) 
has put a magical spell on her family. He went to tavern(pub). Well my realm (kingdom) is pretty good. Well if somebody puts a magical spell in my 
house that’s not possible because I have an outpost( a station established at a distance from the main body of an army to protect it from surprise attack).
I especially use a hieroglyphic(formal writing system used in ancient Egypt for writing the Egyptian language) so that people don’t understand it. 
I have also created a colosseum(a large amphitheatre especially one built by ancient romans). But I found a glitch in my arcade(like circular at top 
and in the middle like rectangle ) which we made and the echo goes from it. My team introspected(an examination of one’s own thoughts and feelings) 
but we didn’t find any glitch. One of my minister is Relentless (on who keeps working hard and never gives up although in an unpleasant or cruel situation). 
He fell from the horse but still he is relentless he works for me and very hard. I have seen many heist(robbery) in my realm but I caught all my heists. 
Sometimes you can’t find the demeanour(outward behaviour) of people. To catch a heist I also hired a mercenary( a soldier hired into foreign services). 
Sometimes I feel that a king should not harbour(shelter or hide a criminal or wanted person). One of my neighbour king put a conceive(form or devise a 
plan or idea in the mind) that one of my honest minister is heist. I was astonished when checking I found that the neighbour king lied. His minister
actually heisted his property. It backfired(having an opposite or undesirable effect to what was intended). Well that was it . It ended my honour was respected . 
Well I thought to put a concierge( a caretake of an apartment complex or a small hotel). that was it . I think my kingdom has no heist and prospering good


Corona: 
I remember that corona virus came on 2020 and before that I don’t remember I was admitted in mental hospital and I was not given the job the way I should be .
That means I am still in this hospital and the doors of my house is completely different so I think I am in a hospital or what I am not sure need to work on this. 
But there is something wrong. ( There is something wrong which I can’t conclude now I am really not sure what next but I am confused)
Also I went to Australia when I met with an accident while going to Bangalore because I was not interested in going to Australia. However they 
Forcefully sent me to Australia she made my passport and I was authorised to go that was my first visit and then I took a decision to go to my 
village and then I was admitted in a mental hospital when I beat these people from then I haven’t got any job and I am either sitting in home or
travelling outside but no job

Imagine Dragons: anecdotes with my girlfriend
Second thing – Don’t you tell me what you think that I can be… I am the master of the sea
I take the message from the veins .I take the lesson from the brain .You break me down, You build me up believer.
I was sulking (in disappointment and annoyance).I was ebbing (going away from the land) and I was inhibited( Not in relaxed way i.e very impatient).

Contorting(Tedha Medha): anecdotes with my girlfriend
I was thinking about Npobmj but I know it will not come . Anyways I was thinking if it was connected with me it will be leave but I could meet 
it but that is not possible now . My gbnjmz is far away from me I feel really astonished that I am living alone. I cry feel humiliated but I 
have no one who will come and say yeah I will help you. They send their reconnaissance(an enemy who send there people to find out about their secret weapon) 
.I am really feeling reclusive. I am bewildered(impatient) also. I really feel that I am incarcerated(prisoned) and really exhausted. I feel that one of my 
friend is having its primogeniture(the eldest son inherited his fathers estate). One of my friend is also in caparcenary( the division of ancestral
property equally among inheritors in a hindu joint family). I have a bigotry( a person who is obstinately and unreasonably attached to a belief) 
that eating non veg is something I will do if my lol is here but my lol will never come I think it . It has been gpsuz years and it’s very difficult .
I am its descendant but living my life alone. There are things which are in opulence(rich) but that does not trouble me. I am living in 
contemporary(living at the same time as another) state. I am looking for a patronage( money and support that is given to an artist). I was 
thinking of buying chiseller(it’s a tool like khurpi). I think my friend was counterfeit(made in exact imitation of something valuable with 
the intention to deceive or defraud). I was thinking to join sermon(a talk n religious and moral subject) talk. well My friend was subdued(depressed)
a bit. As I am going older but the population is propagating(increasing in number). I have a feeling of resent(grudge) towards my ezlhkx because
it’s difficult to survive in this world in solitude.

Contemplation: anecdotes with my girlfriend
I was contemplating(the action of looking thoughtfully at something for a long time) about my family. Then the thought of mystic ( a person who tries 
to gain religious or spiritual knowledge through prayer and deep thought) . I am a very piety ( the quality of being religious) person. My family left 
me stranded(leave someone without the means to move from somewhere) .It was my immemorial (related to past). I was forsaken(abandoned) by my family. 
I am not in bliss (perfect happiness and great joy). I am a conventional(conforming or adhering to accepted standards i.e one who believes what people 
have accepted) person. There was a marriage in my family and I had to go through the rituals(a religion or solemn ceremony consisting of a series of 
actions performed according to a prescribed order). Everywhere the flowers were propagated(spread). It makes the marriage more consolidated(to make 
something stronger). I had the enmity(strong active opposition or hostility) towards the family who came in marriage. I had enmity because they showed 
vehement (strong feeling ) for my marriage which I do not think about now. The family when they were expressing they were cryptic(having a meaning that 
is obscure).They reached to the culmination( the highest point attained after a long time) by telling they want my marriage. the implication( conclusion)
was that I had enmity towards them. I hate these marriage thing and the creed ( a faith or system of religious belief). Also I went near the lake and 
tried to use fish reels to catch fish and I also wanted to use paddle board for surfing in water but that dint work out.

Chariot: anecdotes with my girlfriend
I saw a person who was using his chariot( a two wheeled vehicle drawn by horses). So I asked a lift from him and he was quite generous and he gave me 
a lift dropped me near a palace. Well when i was travelling near the entrance of the palace I found a mendicant(beggar). He was a stereotype (a widely 
held but fixed and oversimplified image or idea of a particular type of a person) and he was telling that her daughter eloped(ran away secretly in order 
to get married) and she absconded from her fathers place and now he is mendicant. I gave him some money so that he can be happy. I entered in the room
and there were booty(valuable stolen good, especially those seized in war). I think the owner was a soldier and defeated the garrison and stole those
bootys. It was looking very exquisite(extremely beautiful and delicate). It was also filled with god photo and hence it was a shrine( a place regarded 
as holy because of its association with a divinity or a sacred person). I wanted to write the hagiography(religious biography) but then I thought no 
I won’t. I met the owner he was a very religious person but I was in a renunciation state(the formal rejection of something typically a belief). I also 
got to know that he was a legend(very well known or famous or a traditional story sometimes popularly regarded as historical). But there was one incident 
which he could not forget and that leads him to brooding(engaged in or showing deep thought about something that makes one sad, angry or worried). He was
followed with his dog who was mauled(wound by scraping or tearing) by his another dog. After a while I went to church and I was in a salvation state 
(deliverance from sin and its consequences). Well it was quite good and happy journey I went across the palace and that place was a cult . Well that 
was it a good expedition with my girl friend. She loved the place too

Jaani Dushman: anecdotes with my girlfriend
My mother is snake and my father is sun god . You are all my Jaani dushman you touch my family I will kick your ass
Have you seen movie jaani dushman movie. if not then watch it . I will not leave anyone who try to kill my family snake . Beware of me.
I belong from snake family. Got me if not understand now and my girlfriend is a snake touch my girlfriend bloody fuckers.

mystic: anecdotes with my girlfriend
I was trying to connect with God because I think I can be mystic(a person who tries to communicate directly with God or other forces controlling the universe) 
sometime. I was trying to be mystic with God sun. Well I was forfeited ( lose or be deprived as a penalty for wrongdoing) because I hit my opponent while playing 
cricket. Unfortunately

at evening I got the bus for kerala from shantinagar. You can also get the bus from satellite bus station the same bus that I got to know when I entered. 
Tomorrow I have an exam 24/11/24 going to kozhikode to write the exam. I reached ksrtc bus stand and opposite to it there is shopping mall where bhaba institute
is written. In the morning I visited Kozhikode beach and while coming I shaved my head because of dandruff but the trimmer was not working and fortunately 
I had a scissor and I tried cutting my hairs but very rough i.e uneven or lumpy. Then I was very hungry and I decided to eat idly and vada. I went to brahmin 
food center and ate some idly and vada they gave me hot water with red color which was very hot. I drank some tea and started for beach and in the beach I met 
a girl she told me to go to the mall instead and I took her suggestion . I carried my sisters wearing bag and my bag in the mall and then I purchased a paijama 
for me. Then I was ready to go to kadalundi road which was my exam center. I went to feroke while visiting Kozhikode. There were three malls near the Kerala 
bus station i.e Blue Diamond Mall and Focus Mall . Apart from that there were some malls which were away. I visited Kozhikode Beach and then wrote the exam 
and after writing the exam I reached back to the bus station . I waited in the AC room in Kerala bus station for 6 hours . while waiting I spoke with some 
normadics from Kerala and they said that Munnar and Wayanad is a great place for tourism because of its weather Nevertheless to work you have to go to 
ernakulam . The bus came at 7:00 am and this took me to Bangalore bus station and reached at around 3:30 in satellite bus station and took a bus to 
kampegowda bus station. I ate slices of mangoes because I like them and ice creams .From there I took a bus from Bangalore to Hyderabad at 6:00 pm and
then reached at 4:30 pm in Hyderabad jubilee bus stand and took an auto from there.

This photo I took in Kerala what a beautiful place do visit Kerala. I prayed to beach for saving my life at times I was in a bad condition.

Kampegowda bus station: anecdotes with my girlfriend
I started my travel from my place to kampegowda bus station. It took me 11:45 minutes to reach kampegowda bus station which is the last stop. My girl 
friend called me and asked me where I am I told her I am at kampegowda bus station. She told she has reminiscence of me. A simple idea that came in my 
mind while having trouble with charging my phone. Why can’t we have a paid phone charging station – looks a good alternative I feel

Belum Cave: anecdotes with my girlfriend
My girl friend and me wanted to be nomadic and hence we decided to travel to a new place . My girlfriend chose an elusive(difficult to undserstand) place 
to travel that was belum cave. We saw a truck and we hauled(the activity of transporting goods by truck) in the truck. it was an extempore(done without 
preparation) expedition. The truck took around 7 hours to reach to Belum cave. After reaching belum cave we climbed in the cliff and also
descended(to pass or move or climb down the staircase) from it. Suddenly the cliff collapsed but we were safe as we descended.it was a 
plight(difficult) situation. While passing by we bought a souvenir(a thing that is kept as a reminder of a thing). In the opposite there was 
a rock which was Myer( bright one or shining). We wanted to see that rock and we applied the impetus( force with which something moves). After a 
seeing the Myer rock we were completely exhausted and our foot were in a state of trudge(walk slowly with heavy steps typically because of exhaustion 
or harsh conditions).I told my girlfriend we will walk more but she was adamant and grim(serious) to take the bus instead. we went so abysmal(very 
deep/extremely bad) in the cave that it was difficult for us to come back. it was totally dark and we rekindled(relight a fire). we wanted to go faster.
We wanted us to be spurred(to encourage of activity or development make it happen faster). After a while people were burning something we thought they
are scrapping(discard or remove from service) the items. We came to the beginning of the cave where we started from. opposite to it we saw a 
citadel( a fortress typically one on high ground above the city). We were happy watching the cave. That cave was so beautiful that we wanted it 
to be our heritage(property that can be inherited). We hauled our items in truck and reached our houses . We kissed each other while we were travelling.
She wore her black lingerie. I liked her.

Cafe: anecdotes with my girlfriend
Yesterday was Thursday and I called her and she picked her call. She was crying and I said why are you crying. She said one of my friend divulged 
(reveal the secrets) of our relationship to one of my enemy and they will use those secrets and do flagrant(immoral or not good) stuff with those 
secrets. I told her I will try to find those people and torment them in not divulging. I told with conviction (with my firm belief) and she relied
on me and told that we will do rendezvous( a meeting at a particular time) in a cafe. I told her to meet at 12:00 pm night in cafe game theory. She 
was convinced that we will have a great time there. Then on Friday I picked her from her house and transit her to cafe. She kissed me near the
condominium(building) on that scenario I rode in higher speed. We reached at the cafe and I started kissing my girlfriend while she ordered for a 
coffee as she was fidgeting(impatient) for a coffee. The cafe management decided to flinch(exploit) by taking our pics .We told them not to take pics
but they were stubborn. I told I will escalate(telling the problem to the higher authorities) the matter to the police. They were silent for some time
and did not repeat it. we spent two hours talking and literally kissing each other till we felt like we need to have sex and we fiddled (spent time wasting)
a lot in the cafe. Then I dropped her to her house and went to my house when I was provoked by my father as he infuriated(made me angry) alot. I then felt
to go to sleep because sleep is important to do something important tomorrow. I spoke to sun god and asked that make my next day a better day.

Alone: anecdotes with my girlfriend
I felt that I was coveted(strongly desired by many) but today when my girlfriend refused to come with me as her father is quaint(old fashioned) and do 
not allow to spend time with me. My girl friend and her father had a polarisation(division into two sharply contrasting groups) views. Anyways still
she had computer and she asked me to overhaul(take apart in order to examine it and repair it if necessary) it and give it back to her.I felt nagged(irritated)
however I felt that I should help her. Then I went to the computer shop and gave to the shop owner and he overhauled the computer and fixed it. I kept the c
omputer infront of the seat of my bike and I sat behind and reclined(to sit or lie back in a relaxed way) .I was bit thirsty and I nomaded till 5 km but then
I asked someone to give me water but the area was affected with drought and people were not friendly. they denied water to me. I think I went in an errant 
( in a wrong direction) while I was searching for water. However I then decided to move in the right direction. I was again nagged by the behaviour of the 
people in the drought affected area. Suddenly I saw the stampede( a sudden panicked rush of a number of horses, cattle or other animals) of dogs and they
started barking at me . I rode faster well it was goofy( foolish) to run from dog as they can chase us easily as there was stampede. The dogs 
stigmatise(didn’t treat fairly) me and I was really really in shock but I rode and got myself saved from the dogs. The hefty(large and heavy) computer
was difficult to carry. Suddenly the storm came and I was in a hurry to reach my home. I was alone and my conscience(my inner thoughts) said to me that
I should stay inside the shop for a while. That shop was one of the known shop and its chicken and mutton was coveted (strongly desired by many). I sat
there for a while watching the people eating the tasty food but I had no one just alone except my girl friend who also didn’t accompany as her father is
a stereotype(idea that people have about what someone or something is like especially an idea that is wrong) person. Anyways my struggle to stay alone 
was flagrant. the prospect(an apparent probability of advancement, success, profit ) is not good. As the storm/typhoon stopped I left that place and 
delivered the computer to my girl friend. she thanked me and she was gushing(exaggeratedly enthusiastic) to kiss me but I refused. it was goofy to take
kiss outside in front of lot of people.. I refrained(to control oneself from something so that they can control their disease) myself with her kiss. Still
I felt alone. I was asking god to help me because he only helps me in bad times. He was there with me till the end and he will be there with me at the end. 
OM NAMAH SHIVAY

Job: anecdotes with my girlfriend
I asked my girl friend to come along with me. I was looking for job and I was in great distress(extreme pain) as I tried surge of jobs but I dint get any. 
My girlfriend spoke about the war between Israel and Iran but after a while I heard a gossip that they are having truce of not fighting or a 
ceasefire(a temporary suspension of fighting). She was happy that the fight has stopped. But again she heard news about Iran that after the war 
people were in poverty there was fight In addition to that they steal golds from a wagon(an open section of a railway train that is used for 
carrying goods or animals). Furthermore People of Iran are besieged(surrounded by an armed forces aiming to capture it) by Israel. In contrast or
while or rather or instead Israel is having a revelry(a situation in which people are drinking, dancing and singing). my girlfriend was telling me 
this but it was difficult for me to assimilate(the process of taking in and fully understanding information or ideas). I was really exasperated(irritated) 
learning her information but I have to because I love her. She said Israel shouldn’t have done that but I was in a loggerhead(to strongly disagree with someone)
with her. Anyways our fight continued but I Quelled(put an end to) it. I was feeling bit nuisance so I snooped(to look around a place secretly) around 
the toilet that no one is trying to see what I am doing in the bathroom I hate if someone try to snoop in my toilet. Once my girlfriend did that I told 
her to stop It but that was a relic(something from a past). I was in bathroom and felt being reticent(not revealing one’s thought or feelings readily) 
in bathroom is good. After that I went outside and saw a lot of people standing and looking at a robot. It was actually a gimmick(a trick or device 
intended to attract attention). But me and my girlfriend was least bothered to watch a robot. I was having a craving for a golgappe and so we decided 
to have spicy golgappe. we ate superfluous(being more than is sufficient or required) golgappe. Atlas I realised that its difficult to do a job as my 
resume was written with slipshod(done without care). I kissed my girlfriend and smooched her when I took her to a private place. She felt good. Well 
suddenly I saw a poodle(a dog) and Pony(a horse).


Travel: anecdotes with my girlfriend
This time me and my girl friend decided to travel from china to Singapore. As we reached airport we decided to eat something and we ordered for spicy 
salad corn which was made with tomato, onion, boiled corn, salt, Dhaniya powder , lemon and red spice. it was served in an exquisitely(in a very beautiful
and delicate way). we also ordered for an orange appetiser( a food or drink that stimulates the appetite and is usually served before a meal) We expressed
our happiness to the waiter or steward. Well it is salad which is coveted(strongly desired by many). We finished it and then burped(Dakaar) . My 
conscience(antaratma) wanted one more of that but my girlfriend said no we don’t need this more. We paid the bill to the waiter . The waiter used a 
ledger(is a book in which a company or organisation writes down the amount of money it spends and receives) I was bit surprised that there are 
restaurant which still used ledger account for filling details as its quaint in contrast/while/rather/instead/in other way/alternatively most of 
the restaurants uses computer to fill it. My flight was ready to depart and the departure was looming(about to happen soon and causing worry) to 
us. Our flight arrived to Singapore. We decided first to travel to a zoo. We saw cub(baby lion) and then foal(baby horse) and then kitten(baby cat). 
We saw their paws and we horses hoofs. we both were gushing(effusive and exaggeratedly enthusiastic0 to see animals like cubs, foal, kitten. They 
were enjoying their sleep and they sprawled(spread out in an untidy way) their body so comfortably and sleeping. we also saw the snake who was very
poisonous and was rattling(making a series of knocking sounds. It was timid.When my girl friend saw the tiger she was timid(easily frightened) and 
I too. Then we evaded(escaped by guile or trickery) from there as I told I am timid person that was a trickery. We then moved to museums. We found 
the christian leader who was messiah( a leader who is believed to have the power to solve the worlds problem) for christian. We also have many 
problems and we expressed our pray to him so that our problem will also go. We watched many old sceneries. there were things which were 
unfathomable(difficult to understand) for us. My girl friend showed gloat (to feel or express great pleasure or satisfaction because of your own success) 
to me that she enjoyed the journey. At night we set a camp which was a tattered (old and torn in poor condition) but however we managed we also set a 
beacon ( a fire or light set up in a high or prominent position as a warning, celebration or signal). my girlfriend had a pain in her teeth. So I made
for her a herb that was made of turmeric, ginger, clove, nariyal oil, salt. I mixed them and asked her to put near her cavity and she felt a relief 
and kissed me.we had a nice sleep in the breezy nighty life. We then travelled back to china by our flight

Story: anecdotes with my girlfriend
Today me and my girlfriend were travelling in a bus and suddenly my girlfriend got melancholy(very sad) because her father was a quaint and not ready
to accept love marriage. So I thought of making her happy and I asked her gently if she loves to listen to a story. She told yes and I started telling
her the story. There was a village which was living the life without fear. Although one day there was an incident where few people went missing. The 
complete village was in a timid. One brave villager decided to find the reason. He went and found near the lake there was a ghost who is making the 
villager prisoner and he decided to ask the ghost to give back all the men who he prisoned. He said that give me the answer of my three question and 
I will let them go or will make you a prisoner. He accepted his challenge. The ghost first question was that grass is an insignificant(tuchh or leech or chota in Hindi) 
thing for all of us but do you know what is more insignificant than grass? the man replied that there is nothing insignificant than grass but in a 
man the most insignificant thing is worry(chinta in hindi) which has no treatment(illaz in Hindi). He says that is correct answer. You look like
shrewd (samajhdaar in Hindi) person but do you know that a shrewd person becomes greedy(laalchi in hindi). The ghost asks his next question when 
a person looses something he becomes a wealthy person what is that something? He says that when a person removes his greediness he becomes a wealthy person. 
the ghost says that you are a very shrewd person but do you know that a shrewd person becomes alone. He asks his third question which is the best
friend of a person which never leaves the person alone and always helps him? Then he answered that a person best friend is not fidgeting(impatience)
or patience ( in Hindi dhairya Rakhna or is the ability to wait or suffer without complaining or becoming angry). the ghost satisfies with all his 
answers and leaves the town and unleash(remove from prison) all the prisoners. the village was again a joyful village. My girlfriend was very happy 
with the story . She kissed me while she was crying.

Note :- How to calculate W(watts) = A (ampere) * Volt(v). or Power = Voltage * Current . Our light runs on 12 volts. So if we plug that into the formula
we realise that 1 amp = 12 volts . 1 amp is 12 watts of power

So if we have a battery of 1.5volt that is actually of 2500mAh = 2.5Ah. To convert it into watts it is 2.5Ah * 12volts = 30 watts hour. If we have three 
batteries that will be equal to 2.5AH = 2.5 *3 = 7.5 Ah.

Now to convert this into watts = 12V * 7.5Ah = 90 Watts Hour

The power of a bulb is 0.5Watts

Battery run time hours = Total capacity of battery/ Capacity of bulb

hours = 90WH/ 0.5W = 180 hours

Also if you have a battery with a capacity of 3000mAh and your device consumes 100mA of power

Battery Run time = 3000mAH/ 100mA = 30 hours

Also Ohms law says V = IR

Also if we have led of 3w bulb we can see in the information how much volt it uses not given then we can assume

12v * 0.25a = 3w or 120v * 0.025a = 3w

To check the battery capacity T*W*L * 0.1 will give the capacity of cell

Also if 3Ah batteries are in series if you have 10 of them the current will 3.Ah. However if 3Ah batteries are in parallel and if you have 10 of 
them the current will be 30Ah


Assasinated: Stories
Once a farmer who had a ranch(a larger farm where cattle or other animals are bred). In summer he reaped(cut a crop) all 
his crops and harvested(collected) them. But he kept all his grains in a storehouse. One day due to very hot summer his
all grain got spoiled due to burning. He was in a turmoil ( a state of great disturbance). He was impoverished due to it. 
He started begging but he could not make money from it. He became an insurgent( a person fighting against a government) 
because he didn’t like the way government responded in his financial condition. He became a killer and started 
assassinating (murdering) people for money. He replenished(fill again) his bank with money . One day while trying 
to assassinate a victim he started mulling(think about deeply at length) that what will be his future if he continue 
to do this. So he decided to stop this business. Nevertheless He became reclusive (a person who lives a solitary life
and tends to avoid other people). He went to mental hospital and and he was rehabilitated(to restore to heath or normal
life by training). Nontheless a person who he assassinated earlier try to Lynch(kill someone for an alleged offence 
without a legal trial) him but he escaped . It was a dire (extremely serious) situation. He started taking medicine and 
he also started hallucinating(mirage or illusion). But as year progressed he was in unrivalled(better than everyone or 
everything of the same type) state.

Pralahd: Stories
A Man named Vishnu who was a disciplined and staunch(loyal) Income tax officer. His son pralahd was 8 years old. He 
took an oath to remove all the nefarious people who are keeping the illegitimate money. There was a don named Sharma 
Thakur who took an illegitimate money from the village of mathura , Uttar Pradesh. Vishnu incriminated one of his 
friend Shukla Thakur while he was taking bribery. In retaliation Sharma Thakur kidnapped pralahd . Pralahd wanted to
get out of the prison. It was an amazon(ek bhayanak jungle). Sharma Thakur was actually from aztec( a member of the 
indigenous people dominant in Mexico). Sharma Thakur put a demand to Vishnu that he will give his son in return of his
man. Sharma Thakur was entrenched (unlikely to change with his demand). Vishnu told he will not lend Sharma Thakur and
told you can do anything with his son. When pralahd heard this he cried for a moment but he tried to escape . There was
another boy who helped him to escape the amazon. He showed a great valour(courage) to come out of that. Vishnu tried a 
device to identify the location of Sharma Thakur and he was successful. When he went there he caught many men but he did
not find Sharma Thakur and his son pralahd. Pralahd reached home and when Vishnu saw him he was in eureka( a cry of joy 
or satisfaction when one finds or discovers something). But Pralahd was not. He went and slept without showing his 
despair or distress (unhappiness). The next day there was a change in the behaviour of pralahd with his father vishnu. 
On the day of Diwali Vishnu made embellish(make more attractive with the addition of decorative material) house but
his son was least interested . As time went on Pralahd started becoming a well known don in companion with Shukla 
Thakur. Vishnu told pralahd to relinquish his house. He left and vishnu realised he has forfeited (lose or give up 
as a necessary consequence of something) his son pralahd. Pralahd mom told him to relinquish the business of don
but he was adamant. One day pralahd saw an impoverished(really really poor) girl in the streets and somebody was 
trying to molest her so he helped her to escape and they started loving each other and married. One day Sharma 
Thakur was interested to take avenge for his men and killed Vishnus wife . In retaliation pralahd killed Sharma 
Thakur. There was a warrant against pralahd . Vishnu reciprocated that he doesn’t want to shoot pralahd but in 
great sorrow , pain or despair or distress he shouted him in the gun point and he died . Pralahd died .


Predator: Stories
I joined the defence service yesterday and I went through a rigorous training and then I was sent as a
mercenary(a person who is sent to foreign country for providing his service). My 
Demarcation(to set a boundary or limit) was in United States . So I entered in the base camp by the 
defence vehicle . I was assigned my room. I saw the garrison ( a group of troops stationed in a fortress
or town to defend it )which was kept near the area. The whole defence area was consolidated(making something 
stronger or making solid) with supply of guns and tanks. I slept for 4 hours and got up. Since I was 
endowed(provide with a quality, ability or asset) of sleeping less I could take that. I was called in
the president area where they assigned me a task that there troops were killed near the forest area. 
I was the chief and I had to take the team to the area and do surveillance. So we all sat in the jeep and
I kept a diary with myself to note down the chronicle( a factual written account of information or historical 
events). While in the way we saw a canal ( an artificial waterway constructed to allow the passage of boats or
ships to convey water for irrigation) . When we reached in the jungle it was drench(wet thoroughly) and 
it was in hinterland(the remote areas of a country away from the coast or the banks of major rivers). We 
tried to be nomadic there and suddenly we found a body of a dead man. We were staggered(very shocked). 
Suddenly there were gun shots from a cloaked(disguise or hidden) area. We tried to camouflage ourselves. 
A shot was hit to our troop in his head and he was in a catatonic(complex neuropsychiatric behaviour 
that is characterised by abnormal movements and abnormal behaviour) state. After a while he was dead. 
After a surveillance we found that that is predator a cloaked body which has his coaxed guns and it 
can not see but find the troops by the thermal heat of the body of the troops . the machine that predator
has can identify that but cannot see. After most of our troops were killed I was the one who survived I
was goad (provoked to retaliate) to fight with the predator as most of the troops died. After struggling
for a while I created an embankment( a wall or bank of earth or stone built to carry a road or railway over 
an area of low ground). And then I got a mesh and created a trap for the predator . Suddenly I heard a birching 
sound of a predator I was sure it was predator . I camouflaged . he got into the trap and then mesh did its work 
and I supplied all my power . And then I shouted him but in vain. the bullets wouldn’t work but he appeared from 
cloaked . His visage(appearance of face) was like animal. He was apparition(ghost).I was distraught(very worried and upset).
He came out of trap and I tried to cloak myself by putting drenched mud on my body so that he cannot sense the heat of my body.
It worked the predator was unable to watch me and then I put the detonators near him and after a while the detonator 
burst and he was about to die. The predator feigned(pretended) dying. When I cam near him he triggered guns but 
I saved. I killed him and he took his last breath. I went back to the defence area and I was ordered to go back 
home with medals in hand. It was also an expedition(a journey undertaken by a group of people) for me.
I acquisition(an asset or object brought or obtained typically by a library or museum) some books. and 
Repatriated. I dispensed those books to my kids.


A hard working man compulsion(majboori): Stories
There was a man whose name was Abhimanyu who lived with his family in a town and used to earn by farming. He was
hardworking and staunch(very loyal and committed in attitude). His family was in an exhilarating(very happy) state. 
Abhimanyu had his sister whose engagement was fixed but the other party was asking for a dowry. So he decided to 
farm seeds and grow more lentils. While he was going to his farmland he watched a person who stole money from a
Shroff(Seth or saahukar) nevertheless that man was limping (to walk with difficulty) and Abhimanyu saw him
hustling(to earn money in a dishonest way). He caught him and asked him to give back the money to Shroff. 
Nonetheless the compulsion thief said don’t meddle(interfere in something that is not ones concern) in my 
things and I am hungry and my family is hungry I need that money. Abhimanyu said don’t steal. He said its my 
compulsion. Abhimanyu handed over the man to the Shroff. He became happy that he helped Shroff. He walked a 
few km but suddenly a sage appeared from nowhere and spoke to Abhimanyu. Abhimanyu that person was not lying 
he was in a compulsion and his compulsion made him thief instead Abhimanyu replied he should do my 
cribbing(to copy an idea or piece of writing) and earn money like me. The sage replied that most of the 
time luck (Bhagya) or fate or fortune has a major factor in ones destiny. Abhimanyu said I barely believe 
in that and sage moved away saying alakhniranjan.

Few days later Abhimanyu put the seeds and put lot of water and minerals to grow his lentils but after putting lot of money the lentils plant was decayed . Abhimanyu was in staggering(deeply shocking) state. He Repatriated(the return of someone to their own country) to his home and told everything to his family. He was in debt because of that but his family suggested to take loan from Shroff. Nonetheless the Shroff told that if he won’t able to pay I will seize your property. He agreed because he was miserable and in debt. In few months his lentils were grown up but still they were decayed and crippled(severly damage or malfunction) he was in great torment(mental and physical suffering) and humility(lack of pride) as in debt. He started crying and he was prosaic(without interest, imagination or excitement) and but after walking few miles he saw a dead man with a diamond. He thought once if I take this diamond and sell it I will have good money but second thought came that it’s a hustle. However his conscience said that If I don’t take this someone will take this. So he took it and went to the jeweller and tried selling him but the jeweller saw the condition of man he was looking like see urchin. So he gave him one piece of gold and said that’s the price of the diamond. Abhimanyu got angry and tried to hit him in the wall because of anger. the jeweller tried to avert (prevent) it but he was dead by then because of collapse with wall. Abhimanyu was in a torment state. suddenly a man appeared from behind and said you killed the jeweller . Abhimanyu said it happened inadvertently(accidentally) . I am in staggering state. The man replied you got this diamond from a dead man . Abhimanyu first defiant(open resistance or bold disobedience) it but latter said yes. Abhimanyu in staggering state said how do you know. He said i Hustled it from the kingdom but he was trying to steal from me and I killed him while in a fight. The man told that take all the jewellers diamond and money and keeps with yourself and also keep this hustled diamond which I will take from you later because if I keep this the king will catch me. Abhimanyu was tantalised(causing desire and excitement) to take that and also because that man was a formidable(fear or respect for something because that person is a mafia) person. Abhimanyu started walking towards his home and that formidable person was following him so that he knows his house in case he betrays him. Abhimanyu told to his family that the king gave him this gems(jawarahat). After a while the king spearheaded(to lead something such as course of action or attack) by his ministers caught Abhimanyu and told his minister for surveillance(keep in observation) on abhimanyu . The formidable man told that king its Abhimanyu who stole gems from the kingdom and I am innocent . While Abhimanyu told everything to the king but king was not ready to believe him but suddenly the sage appeared again see Abhimanyu you became a thief because of compulsion and he told to king that Abhimanyu is honest . He said to Abhimanyu compulsion can make someone thief.

Moral :- Compulsion(majboori) can make you thief, don and what not.


Abhimanyu: Stories
Abhimanyu a great warrior and a valiant(possessing or showing courage) was born from Arjuna and Subhadra was the 
sister of deities Krishna and Balaram. He was from a kuru lineage. When Kauravas confiscated all the properties 
of Pandavas and refused to give . The Pandavas went into exile and when they came back from 13 years of exile 
Duryodhana refused to give their kingdom back. Abhimanyu during his early childhood had been abandoned by his 
family and He lived in Dwaraka. He learnt many techniques of warrior while he was in mothers womb. Many 
techniques of war were taught to him by his maternal uncle Krishna and Balaram.Subhadra also accompanied 
his son in Dwaraka. Abhimanyu taught Arjuna the strategy of going into chakruvayhu. He was the only warrior 
who knew to enter the chakravyhu. Abhimanyu was married to uttara who was the princess of Matsya kingdom when Arjuna 
came from exile.
In the Kurukshetra war on the 13th day the Kauravas conglomerated and made a chakruvayhu to defeat the Pandavas. 
On that occasion only Abhimanyu knew to enter the chakruvyhu . Abhimanyu entered and seven maharathis – Karna , 
Duryodhana , Dronacharya, Kripacharya, Dushashan, Jayadratha , Shakuni launched simultaneous attack on him while 
violating several kshatriya code and he was unfairly killed at the age of 16 . His death remains one of the tragic 
events in the history

A mugger: Stories
There was a mugger( who attacked people and robbed in a public place) who learnt this technique from his father and
was inheriting it. He used to go in a silent forest path and used to mug innocent nomadic(who travel from one place to another)
people. One day he indvertently(accidentally) killed a victim and stole all the money from the left scared victims to make 
his family happy. He was happy today that he got lot of Treasure to give to his wife. But suddenly an apparition(ghostly) 
creator appeared from behind . He asked why do you do this? Tormenting people ? does it make you happy. He said I do it for 
living so that I can give happiness to my family , myself and my spouse. Suddenly the ghost asked a question that if you go to
prison or god send you to hell or make you look like a ghost will your family accept these tokens given by god. will they be a
part of your curse? He tells of course yes they will. The ghostly figure says that can you verify with your family. He says yes
I am very sure they will support me. He happily goes back home and gives the stolen things to his wife . Her wife says that’s 
why I married you because you fulfill all my desires. Surprisingly he asks her if god curse me or I go to prison will you be 
a part of that curse or prison. The wife says no dad its your responsibility. The man becomes really unhappy and goes back to 
the same place and meets the ghost. At first the man was evasive(tending to avoid commitment) but later he tells that her wife
refused to accept his curse. the ghost tells the man that stop believing people

Note – Don’t believe in people by keeping your eyes closed.

Ludicrously – in a way that is so foolish

A honest man: Stories
A man with his wife lived in a village . Due to poverty circumstances her wife tells her husband to find a work in a city. She
gives her money and some food in a bag. He travels to the city but after trying hard he couldn’t find a job. He then finds a 
vacant place and try to relax and nap for a moment. Suddenly two thief sees him with a bag and mugged(attack and rob in a public place)
the man was unhappy with this behaviour of the city. he had a nuanced(different) opinion about the city. Suddenly he hears a 
voice of a man who was in excruciating pain and he expedites to help that person who was in plight(dangerous) situation. He
gets a wallet which he keeps safely. Also the man who met with an accident was unable to understand the tangible touch by the man. 
The man from village drops him to hospital but the doctor ask him doctor’s charge but he says that he doesn’t have money because 
his money was stolen . He gives the wallet to the doctor telling that the man in pain is the owner of purse. The doctor finds out
that he is the richest man of that city. After that the man in hospital is revamped to become better . The man identifies his 
helper and gives him place to live and also some money which he took as a loan.
Moral : Never give up your belief that you will succeed and keep trying . One day fortune will change your circumstances
Vocabulary
mugged – attack and rob in a public place plight – dangerous or difficult situation. tangible – perceptible by touch revamped – to bring improved and better form
Note :- SBI gives a house loan in 8 to 8.5% interest rate and Study loan in 11 to 12 %


Three ludicrous sages: Stories
one day after completion of education of three sages from there guru. They decide to become nomadic(travel) and nomad in forest. However in the middle 
they find the skeleton of animal. They become poignant (sad) . Posthumously(after the death of originator) they try to guess the animal whose bones 
were broken in pieces and They try to use the knowledge given by guru to find out which animal is that.First sage uses his retrospective(past) 
knowledge and tries to combine the bones to form an animal. He uses his hegemonic(strong and powerful) knowledge to combine the bones. After that 
second sage uses his retrospective(past) knowledge to get the meat in the animals body. They become very exhilarating(happy) . Third sage decides to
bring life to the animal by using his retrospective(past) knowledge but the fourth sage defy(openly resist) it and says that its against the law of nature 
and had a nuanced(different opinion) thoughts and other sages were dissenting(disagreeing with or refusing to confirm to the doctoring of an established
orthodox) with fourth sage. But others become hegemonic as they were together and the fourth sage had to leave and he was seeing everything by hiding
behind the tree in a camouflage way. The sages unleash(to release someone) the body of animal by using his retrospective knowledge . The lion wakes up 
from his death and they feel sheepish( feeling or showing embarrassment) because they did not listen to their fourth sage. They become ludicrous and this
makes the tiger roar and eat all the three sages. The fourth sage was feeling excruciated.
Vocabulary
Ludicrous – foolish retrospective – past. reciprocate – to give same sign one has given Posthumously – after the death of the originator Poignant – sad 
hegemonic – strong and powerful exhilarating – happy retrospective – past defy – openly resist nuanced – different opinion. dissenting – disagreeing with 
or refusing to confirm to the doctrine of an established orthodox unleash – release someone sheepish – feeling or showing embarrassment
